# CVE-2022-39173

[fulldisclosure](https://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2022/Oct/24)

重复发送 ClientHello，which contain at least `⌊sqrt(150)⌋ + 1 = 13` cipher suites duplicates and less than
150 ciphers in total.

In wolfSSL before 5.5.1 malicious clients can cause a buffer-overflow
during a resumed TLS 1.3 handshake. If an attacker resumes a previous
TLS session by sending a maliciously crafted Client Hello, followed by
another maliciously crafted Client Hello. In total 2 Client Hellos
have to be sent. One which pretends to resume a previous session and a
second one as a response to a Hello Retry Request message.

The malicious Client Hellos contain a list of supported cipher suites,
which contain at least `⌊sqrt(150)⌋ + 1 = 13` duplicates and less than
150 ciphers in total. The buffer-overflow occurs in the `RefineSuites`
function. An overflow of 44700 bytes has been confirmed. Therefore,
large portions of the stack can get overwritten, including return
addresses.

We confirmed the vulnerability by sending packets over TCP to a
Wolfssl server, freshly built from the sources with the
`--enable-session-ticket` flags (or simply `--enable-all`). We can
provide sources for our software (tlspuffin) that produce those
packets (and that automatically found the attack trace). The command
given at the end of this document triggers the buffer overflow.

It is very likely that there is a way to craft an exploit which can
cause a RCE. We have not yet created such an exploit as it would
likely depend on the memory layout of the binary which uses wolfSSL.

Moreover, the size of the overflow can be fine-tuned in order to not
smash the stack and continue the execution with a too large length of
suites buffer and that will cause other routines that iterate over
thus buffer (e.g., `FindSuiteSSL`) to misbehave. Hypothetically, this
might be exploited to make the server use a cipher it should not
accept such as `nullcipher` that would open up new attack vectors such
as downgrade attacks.
While this has not been confirmed yet, the buffer overflow itself has
been confirmed.